OKTA-946262: Add sign-out experience (#5662)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/auth-js-redirect/main/index.md

Auth JS also powers our other redirect SDKs that provide simple authentication for server-side web apps and single-page JavaScript apps (SPA). See the [Quickstart guides](/docs/guides/quickstart/).

> > Note: For your app to work reliably in all browsers, your Okta org must be configured with a custom domain. This prevents browser privacy features from blocking Okta's session cookies and causing sign-in or sign-out failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: For your app to work reliably in all browsers, you must configure your Okta org with a custom domain. This prevents browser privacy features from blocking Okta's session cookies and causing sign-in or sign-out failures.
```

This function signs the user out of the Okta session. See [signOut()](https://github.com/okta/okta-auth-js/#signout) in the Auth JS SDK.

> > **Note**: If the user has already signed-out or there is no active session found, the browser redirects to the **Sign-out redirect URI** defined in your Okta app integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If the user has already signed out or there's no active session found, the browser redirects to the **Sign-out redirect URI** defined in your Okta app integration.
```
